# GAP Fusion Systems

Implementing Fusion Systems using GAP. This is just experimentation at this point, but will become the formal package.

There are 2 aspects to this- the representation of a fusion system, and the methods/functions we want a fusion system to have.

## Representations

The following representations are to be constructed:

* `IsFusionSystemRep` for a general fusion system.
* `IsSaturatedFusionSystemRep` for a general saturated fusion system.
* `IsInducedFusionSystemRep` for a fusion system induced by an overgroup.
* `IsInnerFusionSystemRep` (possibly) for a fusion system induced by the group itself.
* `IsUniversalFusionSystemRep` for the universal fusion system on a group.
* `TransferFusionSystemRep` for a transferred fusion system on a fusion system.

Each representation implements functions in a manner that is most efficient to them. More representations might be added in due corse.

## Functions and Methods

The following functions/methods are to be constructed:

* `AutF(F, A)` that takes a fusion system `F`, and a subgroup `A`, and returns the Aut-`F` group.
* `HomF(F, A, B)` that takes a fusion system `F`, and two subgroups `A` and `B`, and returns the list of homomorphisms in `F` from `A` to `B`.
* `FConjugacyClass(F)` that returns all the `F`-conjugacy classes.
* `FClass(F, A)` that returns that `F`-conjugacy class of `A`.
* `AreFConjugate(F, A, B)` that checks whether `A` and `B` are `F`-conjugate.
* `IsFullyAutomized(F, A)` that takes a fusion system `F`, and a subgroup `A`, and checks whether `A` is fully automized in `F`.
* `IsFullyNormalized(F, A)` that takes a fusion system `F`, and a subgroup `A`, and checks whether `A` is fully normalized in `F`.
* `IsFullyCentralized(F, A)` that takes a fusion system `F`, and a subgroup `A`, and checks whether `A` is fully centralized in `F`.
* `IsFReceptive(F, A)` that takes a fusion system `F`, and a subgroup `A`, and checks whether `A` is receptive in `F`.
* `IsFCentric(F, A)` that takes a fusion system `F`, and a subgroup `A`, and checks whether `A` is `F`-centric.
* `IsFRadical(F, A)` that takes a fusion system `F`, and a subgroup `A`, and checks whether `A` is `F`-radical.
* `IsEssentialSubgroup(P, A)` that takes a p-group `P` and a subgroup `A`, and checks whether `A` is an essential subgroup.
* `Intersect(F, E)` that takes 2 fusion systems `F` and `E` and returns their intersection.
* `AddMap(F, phi)` that constructs a fusion system generated by `F` and `phi` a morphism between any two subgroups.
* `AddMapSaturated(F, phi)` that tries to construct a saturated fusion system generated by a saturated fusion system `F` and `phi` an automorphism of a centric subgroup.
* `IsSaturated(F)` that checks whether `F` is a saturated fusion system.
* `IsExotic(F)` that checks whether `F` is an exotic fusion system.
* `IsomorphismFusionSystems(F, E)` that checks whether `F` and `E` are isomorphic as fusion systems.
